SIGN IN
Articles
About 19,200 results (0.34 sec)
My profile
My library
Any time
Since 2026
Since 2025
Since 2022
Custom range...
Sort by relevance
Sort by date
Any type
Review articles
include patents
include citations
Create alert
	
[PDF] aeaweb.org
The billion prices project: Using online prices for measurement and research
A Cavallo, R Rigobon - Journal of Economic Perspectives, 2016 - aeaweb.org
… We describe our work with the Billion Prices Project at MIT, … show how online prices can be
used to construct daily price … evidence of price stickiness and international relative prices. The …
Save Cite Cited by 562 Related articles All 21 versions
[PDF] nber.org
Scraped data and sticky prices
A Cavallo - Review of Economics and Statistics, 2018 - direct.mit.edu
… price stickiness statistics. Relative to previous results, I find that … retailers in a set of selected
countries. The scraped data set used in this paper was collected by the Billion Prices Project …
Save Cite Cited by 342 Related articles All 17 versions
[PDF] europa.eu
[PDF] The Billion Prices Project
A Cavallo, R Rigobon - Journal of Economic Perspectives …, 2016 - ecb.europa.eu
… We use online data to re-evaluate puzzling styled facts … find that in most retailers and countries
price-change distributions … models of price adjustment where small price changes are not …
Save Cite Cited by 11 Related articles All 7 versions 
[PDF] nber.org
Are online and offline prices similar? Evidence from large multi-channel retailers
A Cavallo - American Economic Review, 2017 - aeaweb.org
… Since 2008, the Billion Prices Project (BPP) at MIT … , online prices are being used for a wide
range of topics, including the study of price competition, market segmentation, price stickiness…
Save Cite Cited by 628 Related articles All 22 versions
[PDF] nber.org
Price setting in online markets: Basic facts, international comparisons, and cross-border integration
Y Gorodnichenko, O Talavera - American Economic Review, 2017 - aeaweb.org
… As a final measure of price stickiness, we consider synchronization of price changes
across sellers. Specifically, we define synchronization in a given week for a given good as the …
Save Cite Cited by 276 Related articles All 28 versions
[PDF] ssrn.com
E-commerce and price setting: evidence from Europe
G Strasser, E Wieland, P Macias… - ECB Occasional …, 2023 - papers.ssrn.com
… web-scraped prices from 22 Polish stores with the prices at … prices might be more flexible
than offline prices. This section … price stickiness between bricks-and-mortar and online stores. …
Save Cite Cited by 11 Related articles All 6 versions 
[PDF] nber.org
Costs of managerial attention and activity as a source of sticky prices: Structural estimates from an online market
SF Ellison, C Snyder, H Zhang - 2018 - nber.org
… contributing to the price-dispersion literature. Our finding that substantial managerial frictions
contribute to price stickiness provides a novel explanation for equilibrium price dispersion. …
Save Cite Cited by 59 Related articles All 19 versions
Price Stickiness in the US and Europe Revisited: Evidence from Internet Prices*
P Lünnemann, L Wintr - Oxford bulletin of economics and …, 2011 - Wiley Online Library
… This paper compares price stickiness on the Internet and in traditional brick-and-mortar stores
… Contrary to conventional retail prices, we find that Internet prices change less often in the …
Save Cite Cited by 59 Related articles All 8 versions
[HTML] sciencedirect.com
[HTML] E-commerce and the end of price rigidity?
J Hillen, S Fedoseeva - Journal of Business Research, 2021 - Elsevier
… comparison websites in France, Italy, Germany, the UK and the United States to analyze
price stickiness in information technology products, consumer and entertainment electronics, …
Save Cite Cited by 61 Related articles All 6 versions
[PDF] hec.ca
Pricing on the Internet
M Kung, KB Monroe, JL Cox - Journal of Product & Brand …, 2002 - emerald.com
… and lead to perfectly competitive prices. However, there is contradictory evidence indicating
that online prices are not absolutely lower than offline stores. Regardless, the Internet gives …
Save Cite Cited by 203 Related articles All 7 versions
	1	2	3	4	5	6	7	8	9	10	
Next
PrivacyTermsHelp
